doing Adam Berg thanks guys listen I
talked to cochin chatted my little bit
I'm a huge fan you guys first of all
huge college
I'm excited won a championship here at
Wisconsin this year I like it up
Stanley Cup in the Blackhawks and I
guess for me i'm not going to lecture
you guys are not that much older than
you guys
what sticks out for me the championship
by one here in the championship I won
now in Chicago is how close a group of
guys you got to have the win a
championship it's I won't lie to you
it's talent you got to have talent to
win a championship what I read a little
I know about football you guys have that
but you want to win something special
you want to do some special as a group
got to have the kool aid group you guys
got to be brothers you gotta treat each
other like your brothers and I trust
this guy next to me I'd trust my brother
that he's going to make that play he's
going to give that extra effort because
at the end of day I want to make him
happy and he wants to make me happy and
you guys do that for each other and you
guys come together as a tight-knit group
of brothers and promise you to do
special things and those are the teams
I've bad teams I've been on we didn't
have it teams that lost early in
playoffs didn't have it last thing is
i'll say to where you're at right now in
your lives in new careers is the best
time you guys will have in your life I
promise you whether you go on to the NFL
whether you go do something else I don't
care where you play playing in college
at Wisconsin it's the best time your
life my best time playing hockey when i
was here at wisconsin there was a lot of
awe out there i was cool it's fun for me
i'm a huge college football fan huge
obviously badger football fan it was fun
for me to come out and talk to the guys
and for me it was just you know I've
been fortunate enough to win a
championship here at Wisconsin not a way
to Stanley captain and just then they
listen to me for two minutes and just
some thoughts I had and what what makes
a team special and what allows you to do
something special as a group of guys and
then it was cool they were into it see
the big big guys laying on the ground
checking up a Stanley Cup it was pretty
neat i think i think it's at anytime you
bring something like this and anywhere
it attracts a crowd and it's got a
personality of its own i don't care
where you go with this thing it attracts
it attracts group of people and I've got
a life of its own okay
I would have been like to be able to
bring this back here for a couple it's
cool you know what that to me I I got
today and tomorrow with it it's not
about me for these days it's about my
family it's about my friends it's about
the University it's about you know
hopefully people that mean a lot to me
in your places that mean a lot to me can
experience it and come and see and get a
picture come and see and hold the cup
and touch it or kisses or whatever you
might want to do that's what these days
are about to me and I had my fun with it
after he won for a few days in Chicago
and now it's more about it's about the
University all about my parents it's
about my sister and all my close friends
you know I'm trying to let them have a
good time with it and experience
something special they know you wanted
to bring a dear little part in this
dating um no I didn't actually I guy I
got a phone call and ask to fight but
interested in coming down to the
football stadium and I said heck yeah
I'll oh I love Wisconsin I love college
football there was it was a no-brainer I
did some things I with my family this
morning and some other places around
town that asked me to come and this
would worked out perfectly the timing
was perfect and I said heck yeah I'll be
there I'll be there early I can't wait
to come down you have some good moments
going over to I had some had some really
good ones i had some fun times watching
games and I some fun times after you
know sees when they tossed on the field
and they denounced the hockey team was
always cool to me
beat michigan in that night game I was
at
it was 2005 it was just I I always had
fun coming to hide false address after
that was the cool send me in the guys
erection guys to keep the cup they're
Canadian guys and they get a case to a
college football's like and how big of a
deal it is and so it's it's fun to come
down here and rub shoulders of these
guys that I'm always it like touching
the cup with I know you got your picture
taken with it earlier but this was kind
of your squad and run your deal well I
mean that's the coolest trophy in sports
hands down is the Stanley Cup saw the
tradition them and you know Blackhawks
women official mix that much more
special and I know I got a chance to
meet Adam at the hockey classic discord
I can't ran over real cool guy so it
made it that much more fun watching the
playoffs everything like that pretty
cool nice way to break up there he had a
pretty good message to you guys as well
as bringing the cup here I mean just
about what it takes to win a
championship you know what do you think
of her what he had to say yeah for sure
it was a big thing just because I know
our coats are always talking about the
little things like team chemistry and
community are you know make a season and
it just means a little bit more when he
got someone that's just went through it
wasn't our shoes that Wisconsin to won a
national championship figure I want to
stanley cup of the Blackhawks and to see
him speak those words speaks volumes and
I was good for our team here and
hopefully we got make music an
overwhelming see a bread first you hear
it
feel it you know it's game day wisconsin
football tickets are on sale now